Edit documentation for Login with python (#7922)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/reference/security/external-principals-aws.md

### prerequisites

> 1. lakeFS should be [configured](#server-configuration) to allow external principals to authenticate and the users IAM role should be [attached](#administration-of-iam-roles-in-lakefs) to the lakeFS user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. lakeFS should be [configured](#server-configuration) to allow external principals to authenticate and the used IAM role should be [attached](#administration-of-iam-roles-in-lakefs) to the relevant lakeFS user
```

> 2. lakeFS requires additional python packages to be installed in order to generate a lakeFS client with the assumed role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The Python SDK requires additional packages to be installed in order to generate a lakeFS client with the assumed role.
```
